> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reprintedarticles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071203171322id_/http%3A//www.reprintedarticles.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Reprinted Articles.com: Free Articles for Your Blog, Newsletter and Website

**Privacy Statement For Reprinted Articles.com**

  
**Statement of Understanding  
**  
This web site, Reprinted Articles.com is owned and operated by KDM  
Publishing and the names may be used synonymously with each  
other.

You can browse our entire web site without entering any personal  
information and thereby remain anonymous during your visit.  
However, we hope that all of our visitors will sign up with us on  
our email newsletter page so that we may keep them informed of  
new products, services, FREE contests, and promotions as we make  
them available.

Reprinted Articles.com recognizes the importance of protecting the  
privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors.Â   
We are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy  
of our on-line visitors. That is why we have adopted this Privacy  
Policy. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business  
interests in collecting and using information received from and  
about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy in the  
same manner as we would like to be treated and also within the  
limits of this Privacy Policy. The following is the manner in  
which we handle information gathered about you from your visit to  
this web site in effect for the web pages, newsletters,  
discussion lists, contests, opt-in announcement lists or when you  
fill out any of our forms within this web site.

**Collective Data and Cookies**  
Reprinted Articles.com web site deposits certain bits of information  
called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. A cookie is a small  
piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and  
is stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data  
off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.  
Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies are sent back only to  
the web site that deposited them when a visitor returns to that  
site. We use cookies to identify which areas of Ezine Ad  
Helper.com you have visited or interacted with. Cookies can tell  
us how and when pages in a web site are visited and by how many  
people. This technology does not collect personal identifiable  
information but is collected in a non-identifiable form. With  
this information we learn about visitors browsing habits within  
this site and we hope to improve our site with this technology.

You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings  
of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all  
cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being  
sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience  
at our site and other web sites may be diminished and some  
features may not work as intended.  
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name  
and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's "Internet  
Protocol" also known as the "IP address." When a visitor requests  
a page from our web site, web servers automatically recognize  
that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP  
address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP  
address from which you have accessed our site. We also use this  
information to examine our traffic, but do not collect and  
evaluate this information for individuals. Our web servers do not  
record email addresses of the visitors unless you voluntarily  
provide that information to us.

**Personally Identifiable Information  
**Reprinted Articles.com may request and collect personally  
identifiable information, such as names, addresses, email  
addresses and the like, only when voluntarily provided by a web  
site visitor for the purposes of conducting a survey,  
communications from visitor, or to provide additional services.  
I.e. when subscribing to newsletters, contests, new products, web  
site updates, referring this web site, general information, etc.  
Whenever we request the identity of a visitor or customer, we  
will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the  
information is requested. The information is then used based upon  
the description that was on the web page from which it was  
obtained. I.e. when you enter a contest or other promotion, we  
may ask for your name, address, and email address so we can  
administer the contest and notify winners.

Any newsletter that you may have subscribed to, you will have the  
opportunity to stop these announcements at any time by removing  
your email address from the list by following the instructions  
for removal that will be on the bottom of any such announcements.  
We maintain a "No-Spam" policy once you are on one of our mailing  
list which means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or  
otherwise give your email address to a third party, without your  
consent. In addition we will not send you email that you have not  
agreed to receive once you are on one of our mailings. We may  
from time to time send email announcing new products, services,  
or promotions that we have added to this web site.  
Prior to visiting this web site and signing up for one of our  
newsletters, you may have received a solicitation from us by  
means of some of our bulk email products. We market this web site  
and merchandise based upon targeted lists for the products we are  
advertising. With this type of marketing, we try to compensate  
individuals for reviewing our advertisements with contests and  
promotional items to compensate them for their time and trouble.  
When we send you any bulk advertisement, you will always have the  
opportunity to stop it at any time by removing your email address  
from the list. Instructions for removal are located on the bottom  
of any such announcements and we will comply with the existing  
bulk emailing laws. It is beyond our control, however, if an  
irate person causes to shut down our "remove" email address. We  
will always be happy to add anyone to our remove list upon  
request.

**Viral Marketing Mistake  
**We use viral marketing and contests on this web site in which  
individuals may send their friends an email inviting them to  
visit this web site. We have taken precautions to force people to  
certify that the email addresses that are being submitted are of  
friends or associates. If someone has considered you their  
friend, and you received an email by mistake, then we apologize  
for it. There may be some bad, or just plain stupid, people in  
this world who may abuse our Refer this Site to a Friend, in  
order to receive additional entries into our monthly contest. As  
hard as we would try, there is no foolproof system. If you did  
receive an email by mistake, please accept our apologies and if  
you look through our web site, I'm sure you will find a FREE item  
that will compensate you for the trouble that someone has caused  
you. If this problem persists, contact us so we may help to  
correct the problem.

 **Purchasing and/or Registering Products or Services**

  
If you are purchasing merchandise from Reprinted Articles.com we  
need to know your personal information to include name, email  
address, mailing address, shipping address, credit card number,  
and expiration date, etc. This allows us to process and fulfill  
your order and to notify you of your order status. We also use  
this information to register your purchases for warrantees,  
licenses, etc. In addition, we may use this information to notify  
you of related products and services, but will not be shared or  
sold to any third parties for any purpose. We use for ALL  
purchases a shopping cart feature that safeguards this  
information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer)  
encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between  
you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to  
intercept the information. This type of technology is also called  
a secure web site or a secure server. You will know when you are  
on a secure web site when the front of the web address has  
"https" instead of the normal "http".

If we ask for your postal address in an online form on our site,  
it will only be because it is required based upon a purchase or  
the registering of a product that you have purchased. You will  
never receive any advertisements from us by US. Mail.  
Disclosure of Information to Outside Third Parties  
Reprinted Articles.com will NOT disclose any personal information  
except,  
1.  
When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action  
is necessary.  
2.  
Co-operate with the investigations of purported unlawful  
activities.  
3.  
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process  
served on Reprinted Articles.com  
4.  
Protect and defend the rights or property of our customers and  
the visitors of Reprinted Articles.com.  
5.  
Protect and defend the rights or property of Reprinted Articles.com.  
6.  
Identify persons, who may be violating the law, the legal notice,  
or the rights of third parties.  
Other than the above, Reprinted Articles.com uses reasonable  
precautions to keep the information disclosed secure. We also are  
NOT responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of  
any third parties that receive the information.

  
**Links to Other Sites**

  
As a resource to our visitors, Reprinted Articles.com provides links  
to other web sites. We try to carefully choose web sites that we  
believe are useful and meet our high standards. However, because  
web sites can change so quickly, we do not guarantee the  
standards of any web site links we provide nor do we imply  
endorsement. Reprinted Articles.com is not responsible for the  
privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Ezine Ad  
Helper.com does not share any of the individual personal  
information you provide with the sites to which Ezine Ad  
Helper.com links, although we may share traffic data with such  
web sites such as how many people use our site. **Children and Minors Online Privacy**

  
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) stipulates  
that Web site operators cannot knowingly collect personal  
information from children under age 13 without verifiable  
parental permission. We do not specifically collect information  
about children or minors.  
Even though the content on this web site is not directed at  
children or minors, we take pride in the fact that we conform to  
Internet industry standard known as PICS with classification and  
ratings for "All Ages" of family members. The following rating  
systems of ICRA, Safesurf, Safe for Kids and Vancouver Webpages  
Rating Service are all coded within our Meta tags. You can get  
more information about these rating systems and our Meta tags by  
visiting our Development Statement.

Children are not eligible to use any of our products or   
services contained in this web site. We ask that minors, under   
the age of 18, do not submit any personal information to us.   
You must be 18 years or older to participate in the contests,   
free promotions and to purchase products. If you are a minor,   
you can use our products and services only in conjunction with   
your parents or guardians.

**Your Consent to this Agreement  
**By using this web site you consent to the collection and use of  
information by Reprinted Articles.com as specified and to be bound  
by the terms and conditions set forth in the Disclaimer & Terms  
of use Agreement. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we  
will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware  
of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what  
circumstances we disclose it.

 **Disclaimer & Terms of Use Agreement  
**  
Please read our Disclaimer & Terms of use Agreement carefully  
before using this web site.

This Privacy Policy for the Internet is effective as of July 9, 2004

No part of this agreement may be copied, duplicated,  
retransmitted, reposted, in whole or in part, or otherwise used  
in any manner. This Disclaimer and Terms of Use Agreement was  
modified from the original version and licensed for use on this  
web site from [ http://RenegadeSolutions.net](http://renegadesolutions.net/)Â  .
