> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the investis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071226225140id_/http%3A//www.investis.com/investis/store/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Investis - Privacy statement

This statement covers information about individuals collected on  
the Investis website.

  


### Data automatically collected

We log visitor's domain and IP address automatically; this  
information does not identify you as an individual, but only the  
computer that is being used to view the site. This data is used to  
see where the site is being used in the world to ensure coverage,  
and for click stream analysis to help better understand site usage,  
so that we can improve our service to you. We do not link  
information automatically logged by such means with personal data  
about specific individuals. 

  


### Collection of personal information

We will not collect any information about individuals, except where  
it is specifically and knowingly provided by them. Examples of such  
information are: 

  

  * name
  

  * telephone number
  

  * company name
  

  * occupation



The information collected will be used to consider you for  
employment or to provide you with the information requested by you  
and to provide information that may be useful to you about Investis  
products and services, and products and services of other companies  
that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of these services  
if you wish.

  


### Collection of non-personally identifiable information

We collect anonymous visitor information like IP addresses, browser  
types (such as Internet Explorer or Netscape), referring pages,  
pages visited and time spent on the website. We collect this  
non-personally identifiable information for the following purposes:

  

  1. To provide anonymous statistical analysis of web page traffic  
patterns for our website
  

  2. To administer our website and servers
  

  3. To allow for auditing of our services by third parties
  

  4. To improve our website

  


### Anonymous use of cookies

It is our policy to use cookies only for more accurate anonymous  
traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the  
page viewed, the referrer, transaction information where  
applicable. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored  
on your computer by the server maintaining and operating the site.  
They do not compromise your privacy or security as they store a  
randomly generated identifying tag on your computer. The cookie  
information does not include personal data such as name, age, phone  
number, email address or mailing address. In addition, we do not  
link cookies to personal data such as name, age, phone number,  
email address or mailing address. Most browsers are initially set  
up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser  
to stop cookies being placed on your terminal equipment - please  
refer to your specific Internet browser for instructions. 

  


### Combination of browsing information with personal  
information

We will not combine traffic analysis information with personal  
information such as name, age, phone number or mailing address. 

  


### Use of aggregated data

We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about  
our site visitors' traffic patterns with partners or other parties.  
However, we do not sell any information about individual users. 

  


### Your rights

In addition to the company's safeguards, your personal data is  
protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act. This provides  
amongst other things that the data we hold about you should be  
processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and  
not excessive. The information should be kept up to date, where  
necessary, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should  
be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people.  
You have the right to see what is held about you and correct any  
inaccuracies. You can do this by emailing Caroline Surujpaul at   
[caroline@investis.com](mailto:caroline@investis.com).

### Policy changes

Any changes to this policy will be posted here. 

  


### Security

Investis Limited treats all the data held with the utmost care and  
security. Any details you give will remain completely confidential.

Top of page
